You guys go look at the gate
Ninja affairs are handled by the old man
Yes, yes!
Elder Zou Yuantao
There must be some misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding let go
Uncle made a mistake
This guy is a ninja
Isn't this woman a ninja helper?
Not sure yet
Leave it to me.
leaflet
Let's go home!
I'll take the medicine with him when I get home
My third uncle hurt you just now, right?
Don't stop me if you don't let me touch you
I'm pointing at you now as a ninja
Get your dirty hands off me!
Young man Kangzhuang Avenue, you don't go
Gotta be a ninja
Then don't blame the old man for sending you to reincarnation
Zhang Shao, please show some respect
I'm not that kind of casual woman
Not casually in this life
Remember to order whatever you want in your next life.
Besides, I tested it
Both of them are ninjas.
What you say is what you say
And you're stubborn, your pockets are full of ninja weapons
And this bitch is your boss
You are not ninjas who are ninjas
It kills two birds with one stone today.
The old man will send you two on the road
It turned out to be a black and white stick player.
Old man, you should replenish your brain here, you are courting death